docs: quickstart page (#1251)
lightbend/kalix-jvm-sdk: docs/src/modules/spring/pages/quickstart/cr-value-entity-spring.adoc

= Quickstart: Customer Registry with Spring

include::ROOT:partial$include.adoc[]
include::spring:partial$attributes.adoc[]

> Learn how to create a customer registry with the Spring SDK, package it into a container, and run it on Kalix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you will learn how to create a customer registry with the Spring SDK, package it into a container, and run it on Kalix.
```

** https://docs.docker.com/engine/install[Docker {minimum_docker_version} or higher, window="new"]
** Java {spring-java-version} or higher
** https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi[Maven {minimum_maven_version} or higher, window="new"]

[NOTE]
====
If you want to bypass writing code and jump straight to the deployment:

. Download the source code using the Kalix CLI:
`kalix quickstart download customer-registry-spring`

. Skip to <<Package and deploy your service>>.
====

include::partial$maven-archetype.adoc[]

== Customer Registry Service

> The Service will contain only one ValueEntity that will expose the operation to mutate a Customer model. The entity itself exposes service endpoints and eventually encapsulates some basic validation. The incoming commands/request are then applied to model and the entity instructs Kalix, thought the `Effect` API what needs to be done next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service contains only one ValueEntity that exposes the operation to mutate a Customer model. The entity itself exposes service endpoints and eventually encapsulates some basic validation. The incoming commands/request are then applied to the model and the entity instructs Kalix, through the `Effect` API what needs to be done next.
```
